treewide: Fix links in the docs and cleanup many boards (#22257)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: boards/sodaq-sara-aff/doc.md

Use `BOARD=sodaq-sara-aff` with the `make` command.<br/>
Example with `hello-world` application:

```shell
make BOARD=sodaq-sara-aff -C examples/basic/hello-world flash
```

@note   If the application crashes, automatic reflashing via USB, as explained

>         above won't be possible. In this case, the board must be set in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@note   If the application crashes, automatic reflashing via USB won't be
        possible. In this case, the board must be set in
```
